there's that jab you talked about
and he tripled it
chopping right from daddy
and intended for
ground since
some of the fans on their feet this has
been a great fight for the opening pal
to both the body and the head
oh my goodness Kylie's turn everybody
punch wall
he's already at a point taken away that
round
Rodriguez from a lock
believable while
has knocked out Wilson Rodriguez
number six
how he came back for one he absorbs the
first couple rounds is amazing and of
course Wilson Rodriguez down now he took
a huge left hook from this van arturo
gatti who has tremendous power in that
punch and showed it
unbelievable comeback truly amazing
daddy who is outclassed in round one
knockdown in round two rally scored a
knockdown in round five and knocks out
Wilson Rodriguez and round number six
they're talking to Wilson Rodriguez oh
he looks like he's a little bit better
off right now he took a huge left hook
and after he's been pummeled pummeled to
the body both with legal and illegal
blows by Arturo Gatti and then the left
hook to the head was finally what set
him down actually a couple of left hooks
Wilson Rodriguez fought about as close
to a perfect fight as he would have
wanted yet he still ends up losing by a
knockout the right I of
it is a mess and here's how it all ended
that was a good left hook for the body
by gaudi a legal one and then the
doubles with it to the head and boil boy
that land is flushed there is the left
hook well semi-legal as legal as any
through in this round and there is the
hook that lands to the head of wilson
rodriguez sends him down and there was
no chance for him to beat the count good
combinations by our tour guide ago you
see him he's a well schooled fighter and
has plenty of power in that left hook
needs to work on some defense though
what he has for a second straight time
this bout and his bought with Tracy eras
Patterson when he won the title he is in
a war I'm sure they'll want that to
change but the determination of guts he
showed here were extraordinary and I
might say the same for Wilson Rodriguez
there's his brother Joe and Wilson
Rodriguez up that's good to see just
over two minutes to go the round here's
Michael buffer whether this is a great
championship bouts here at Madison
Square Garden the defending champion
gets all pretenders to come back and win
the official time two minutes 16 seconds
of round number six referee Wayne Kelly
reaches the count of ten the winner by
knockout victory and still to your bro
what a perform at from his heels man
trailing doesn't quite cover it I have
never seen a comeback like the one